  Ninety percent of everything is crap
  A poem is never finished, only abandoned
  Ah, this is obviously some strange usage of the word 'safe' that I wasn't previously aware of
  Never confuse movement with action
  An intelligence test sometimes shows a man how smart he would have been not to have taken it
  Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable
  Statistics: The only science that enables different experts using the same figures to draw different conclusions
  You know that children are growing up when they start asking questions that have answers
  The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause
  It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss it
  There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity
  What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists? In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet
  Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them
  Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories
  It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong
  Insane people are always sure that they are fine. It is only the sane people who are willing to admit that they are crazy
  A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read
  Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half the time
  No problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it
  On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down
  I was so naive as a kid I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing
  You don't stop laughing because you grow old. You grow old because you stop laughing
  I am determined that my children shall be brought up in their father's religion, if they can find out what it is
  You cannot slander human nature it is worse than words can paint it
  Of all noises, I think music is the least disagreeable
  The intelligent man finds almost everything ridiculous, the sensible man hardly anything
  An acquaintance is a person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to
  When everyone is against you, it means that you are absolutely wrong-- or absolutely right
  I feel about airplanes the way I feel about diets. It seems to me they are wonderful things for other people to go on
  Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation
  At my lemonade stand I used to give the first glass away free and charge five dollars for the second glass. The refill contained the antidote
  Lack of money is the root of all evil
  The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf has
  Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought-- particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things
  That's the secret to life... replace one worry with another...
  All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident
  Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life
  I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow
  There's no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didn't tell you about it?
  We're actors - we're the opposite of people
  When they discover the center of the universe, a lot of people will be disappointed to discover they are not it
  I tend to live in the past because most of my life is there
  There are more pleasant things to do than beat up people
  The world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think
  The man who doesn't read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them
  First love is a kind of vaccination which saves a man from catching the complaint a second time
  I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am
  Irrigation of the land with seawater desalinated by fusion power is ancient. It's called 'rain'
  Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober, responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and immature
  Reality is something you rise above
  Television is more interesting than people. If it were not, we would have people standing in the corners of our rooms
  He talked with more claret than clarity
  Instant gratification takes too long
  If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style
  I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end
  The more you read and observe about this Politics thing, you got to admit that each party is worse than the other. The one that's out always looks the best
  I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying
  Faith is a cop-out. If the only way you can accept an assertion is by faith, then you are conceding that it can't be taken on its own merits
  If you can't laugh at the walking dead, who can you laugh at?
  He who hesitates is not only lost, but miles from the next exit
  Where facts are few, experts are many
  Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary
  Although prepared for martyrdom, I preferred that it be postponed
  As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life - so I became a scientist. This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls
  Water, taken in moderation, cannot hurt anybody
  The best way to become acquainted with a subject is to write a book about it
  Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory
  America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between
  Absolute faith corrupts as absolutely as absolute power
  There are grammatical errors even in his silence
  Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good. Luckily this is not difficult
  Few people think more than two or three times a year I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week
  The difference between a violin and a viola is that a viola burns longer
  It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous
  When you're through changing, you're through
  No man is exempt from saying silly things the mischief is to say them deliberately
  I didn't really say everything I said
  Television is for appearing on - not for looking at
  People want economy and they will pay any price to get it
  The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein it rejects it
  People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can't find them, make them
  Not only is the universe stranger than we imagine, it is stranger than we can imagine
  When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained
  Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting
  One man's folly is another man's wife
  I do not want people to be agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them
  Another unsettling element in modern art is that common symptom of immaturity, the dread of doing what has been done before
  Television news is like a lightning flash. It makes a loud noise, lights up everything around it, leaves everything else in darkness and then is suddenly gone
  If the Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me
  Careful. We don't want to learn from this
  It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety
  A book of quotations . . . can never be complete
  It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend
  It's not true that life is one damn thing after another it is one damn thing over and over
  He who hesitates is a damned fool
  There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our lungs there'd be no place to put it all
  I can't bring myself to say, 'Well, I guess I'll be toddling along.' It isn't that I can't toddle. It's just that I can't guess I'll toddle
  The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf
  Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away
  In great affairs men show themselves as they wish to be seen in small things they show themselves as they are
  All marriages are mixed marriages
  A man thinks that by mouthing hard words he understands hard things
  It is a paradoxical but profoundly true and important principle of life that the most likely way to reach a goal is to be aiming not at that goal itself but at some more ambitious goal beyond it
  Some for renown, on scraps of learning dote, and think they grow immortal as they quote
  Yesterday I was a dog. Today I'm a dog. Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog. Sigh! There's so little hope for advancement
  Truth is more of a stranger than fiction
  If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style
  Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow
  A happy childhood is poor preparation for human contacts
  The advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper
  Getting ahead in a difficult profession requires avid faith in yourself. That is why some people with mediocre talent, but with great inner drive, go much further than people with vastly superior talent
  Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamppost how it feels about dogs
  The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older people, and greatly assists in the circulation of their blood
  Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent
  A child becomes an adult when he realizes that he has a right not only to be right but also to be wrong
  There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics
  The effort to understand the universe is one of the very few things that lifts human life a little above the level of farce, and gives it some of the grace of tragedy
  An honest politician is one who, when he is bought, will stay bought
  If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate
  I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts
  You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club
  Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other
  What happens when the future has come and gone?
  For every person who wants to teach there are approximately thirty people who don't want to learn--much
  Now we sit through Shakespeare in order to recognize the quotations
  People who work sitting down get paid more than people who work standing up
  Music is essentially useless, as life is
  The question of whether computers can think is like the question of whether submarines can swim
  The use of COBOL cripples the mind its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense
  I feel like a fugitive from the law of averages
  I hate television. I hate it as much as I hate peanuts. But I can't stop eating peanuts
  Americans will put up with anything provided it doesn't block traffic
  It's time for the human race to enter the solar system
  The reason there is so little crime in Germany is that it's against the law
  I never vote for anyone I always vote against
  When dealing with the insane, the best method is to pretend to be sane
  When you encounter seemingly good advice that contradicts other seemingly good advice, ignore them both
  Anybody can sympathize with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathize with a friend's success
  Much of the social history of the Western world over the past three decades has involved replacing what worked with what sounded good
  There are only two kinds of scholars those who love ideas and those who hate them
  There are plenty of good five-cent cigars in the country. The trouble is they cost a quarter. What this country needs is a good five-cent nickel
  Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger
  You see things and you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were and I say, 'Why not?'
  Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with
  It is easier to stay out than get out
  The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence
  The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animal
  The stupid neither forgive nor forget the naive forgive and forget the wise forgive but do not forget
  I'm too shy to express my sexual needs except over the phone to people I don't know
  Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it
  What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say
  It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt
  There is no fate that cannot be surmounted by scorn
  The only paradise is paradise lost
  One's real life is often the life that one does not lead
  Life is like playing a violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on
  The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it
  Where life is possible at all, a right life is possible life in a palace is possible therefore even in a palace a right life is possible
  Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self
  Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms
  You wake me up early in the morning to tell me I am right? Please wait until I am wrong
  Never write it in C if you can do it in `awk' Never do it in `awk' if `sed' can handle it Never use `sed' when `tr' can do the job Never invoke `tr' when `cat' is sufficient Avoid using `cat' whenever possible ,
  Do not be too moral. You may cheat yourself out of much life so. Aim above morality. Be not simply good be good for something
  How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?
  Television and film demand that people at all levels have brass balls or brass ovaries. Unfortunately, we live in the reign of the eunuch
  The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky
  Newspaper editors are men who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then print the chaff
  As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought. Debugging had to be discovered
  History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it
  It's not that I'm afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens
  The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life
  Never judge a book by its movie
  In a mad world only the mad are sane
  Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do, and they will surprise you with their ingenuity
  Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so
  Every generation thinks it has the answers, and every generation is humbled by nature
  By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong
  There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self
  Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness
  Winning is not a sometime thing its an all the time thing. You don't win once in a while you don't do things right once in a while you do them right all the time. Winning is a habit
  My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me
  You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you do not trust enough
  We're more popular than Jesus now I don't know which will go first rock 'n' roll or Christianity
  It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves
  There are two types of people--those who come into a room and say, 'Well, here I am!' and those who come in and say, 'Ah, there you are.'
  Science is to see what everyone else has seen but think what no one else has thought
  Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects
  Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well
  Some people are born mediocre, some people achieve mediocrity, and some people have mediocrity thrust upon them
  A coward is incapable of exhibiting love it is the prerogative of the brave
  I expect Woman will be the last thing civilized by Man
  Some people make things happen, some watch while things happen, and some wonder 'What happened?' ,
  If there are two or more ways to do something, and one of those ways can result in a catastrophe, then someone will do it
  All great truths begin as blasphemies
  All technology should be assumed guilty until proven innocent
  If you don't succeed, you risk failure
  Whenever I get the urge to exercise, I always lie down until the urge passes
